# Welcome to Deitara...
Deitara is the planet this campaign will take place on, and is a world powered by the grace of the [[Deitaran Deities|gods]] - literally. Everything in Deitara is made in the image of a divine deity of some sort. Whether it be the Sun in the name of Sun Goddess Amatera, or short form Haiku in the name of the Poetry God Brevis, the world mirrors the motives of the cosmos.

These deities vary in terms of power and scope, but one thing remains consistent throughout the pantheon: their power equates to their worship. Thus, many of these gods make frequent contact with the mortal realm in order to amass favor of the populous. In exchange for worship, the gods will bless mankind with good fortune, and sometimes even supernatural abilities. And while this seems like a fairly healthy relationship, this dynamic would soon be abused by man.

In the year 1679, [[The Divine War]] began, fundamentally altering the state of both the material plane and the cosmos as a whole. In an effort to expand borders, the Five Great Nations of Deitara had entered tense conflicts with each other. After 25 years of attempts at negotiation, each region felt entitled to the lands of Deitara in the name of their nation, and their deities, claiming that they were the true Holy Lands of Deitara. During these wars, nearly every Deity at the disposal of the Five Nations were fighting on the front lines, and this level of mythological combat had major consequences that spanned all throughout the globe.

As Sylvanus - God of Nature, Beasts, and Wilderness - sustained significant to his influence on the Druvina-Meridia front, agriculture throughout the lands grew stagnant. Harvests began decaying and growing smaller yields, despite being in the season of peak harvest. As Amatera - Goddess of Sun, Daytime, and Morning - was focused on defeating the barrage of Technoran soldiers for Solaris, the days began growing shorter.

Even in the Unscathed lands, Polithea, this conflict would have an immeasurable impact. Polithea is said to be the place where all gods are born, along with the emergent place of mortals, and is the region in which the campaign will begin. Even in their eager desire for more territory, none of the Five Nations dared to touch Polithea in fear that their Deities would find it distasteful and part from their nation. There is also no formal government in Polithea, making it void of having an interest in the war. Many people live in Polithea, and most are experts at their trade or are esteemed priests of their chosen deity. The only true faction in Polithea is the Sentinels - a self-governed group of heroic enforcers who attempt to keep Polithea a safe place. The Sentinel are tasked with logging powerful artifacts and ensuring divine worship is done for good, attempting to keep Polithea a safe haven from the Divine War. However, as the deities of the Five Nations impact global conditions, farmers in Polithea suffer the same shortcomings as farmers anywhere else in the world. 

# Quest
_As seen on signs throughout Polithea…_
## HELP WANTED: REWARD, 500 GOLD PIECES
### If interested, contact the Sentinel Harlon.
Even with the Divine War stirring everyone in Deitara a muck, we’ve still gotta do our jobs. Tell that to my coworker Bob, that dick got all gloom and doom on us and quit with no notice. Now we need help picking up some of his warden tasks ASAP. The job itself should be pretty simple, just check out a few points of interest and report findings back to me. Also, we’re desperate here. No prior experience needed! What could go wrong? I’ll be waiting for whoever can help at the Mount Beerympus bar, I should be pretty easy to find. 

Please (like, **pretty pretty** please), 
Harlon