Zero initiative changed to 0
Combat re-started
Zero initiative changed to 13
Claude initiative changed to 15
Combat stopped
Zero took 22 damage.
Zero relieved of status Unconscious
Zero AC set to 17.
Zero took 22 max HP damage.
Zero took 22 max HP damage and died.
Zero took 22 damage and was knocked unconscious.
Zero relieved of status Unconscious
Zero removed from the combat.
Zero added to the combat.
Zero initiative changed to 13
Claude initiative changed to 15
Combat re-started
Claude took 9 damage.
##### Claude's turn
Brown Bear added to the combat.
CLAUDE RAHHH initiative changed to 15
Dryad took 9 damage.
Dryad took 13 damage.
##### Gearbox's turn
Orc took 10 damage.
##### Zero's turn
Scout took 12 damage.
Scout took 8 damage.
##### Orion's turn
Berserker took 10 damage.
##### Eldrin's turn
##### Valen's turn
##### Rowan's turn
Orion initiative changed to 11
Cult Fanatic took 15 damage.
### Round 2
##### Theren's turn
##### CLAUDE RAHHH's turn
Orc took 10 damage.
Bugbear took 9 damage.
##### Claude's turn
##### Gearbox's turn
##### Zero's turn
Bugbear took 10 damage.
##### Orion's turn
##### Eldrin's turn
Bugbear took 7 damage.
Combat stopped
Awakened Tree added to the combat.
Brown Bear took 13 damage.
Cult Fanatic was healed for 10 HP.
Awakened Tree took 14 damage.
Awakened Tree took 7 damage.
Zero took 10 damage.
Cult Fanatic took 7 damage.
Berserker took 11 damage.
Scout removed from the combat.
Bugbear removed from the combat.
Orc removed from the combat.
Awakened Tree removed from the combat.
Dryad removed from the combat.
Zero was healed for 5 HP.
Cult Fanatic was healed for 5 HP.
Scout removed from the combat.
Bugbear removed from the combat.
Orc removed from the combat.
Dryad removed from the combat.
Commoner and Commoner added to the combat.
Claude took 10 damage.
Acolyte removed from the combat.
Cult Fanatic removed from the combat.
Bandit removed from the combat.
Acolyte removed from the combat.
Acolyte removed from the combat.
Duergar removed from the combat.
(???) 2 1 initiative changed to 12
??? (4) initiative changed to 7
Pirate Deck Wizard added to the combat.
Lizardfolk Scaleshield added to the combat.
Spy added to the combat.
Zhentarim Thug added to the combat.
lizardfolk scal removed from the combat.
Emil initiative changed to 13
Claude initiative changed to 8
Zero initiative changed to 16
Tova initiative changed to 11
