## Progress:
The ideal of progress is crucial to Morellan government. Many government programs sponsor engineers, technicians, or scholars to spend their livelihood on bettering society. Because of this, many technological advancements occur in [[Morellus]]. This nation is the only current one to have an established circuit of public transportation, electricity, and communication technology. Morellus advocates for equal outcome, rather than equal opportunity, and therefore offer multiple government assistance programs to disadvantaged peoples. The Morellan government is vastly prosperous from its trade and has wealth to spare. To it's people, [[Amplicite and Detricite]] is virtually free. The only limitation to progress, though, is when it was achieved through magical means. This is a nuisance to some people, though, who think their barring of magic stunts their overarching idea of progress. That was until the dawn of the Luminaran Age, though. Since then, progress, along with the commercialized use of magic, has skyrocketed.

## Diversity:
[[Morellus]] is extremely diverse, being founded by all sorts of people united by Enifiz's unique goal. Over time, these groups and clans would mingle, creating many variations of many cultures. Any race is welcome in Morellus, and many who fear magic move here to make a cautious life. In the government, anyone can make claim. Anyone can own land, go to top-tiered universities, or make a sustainable living. This diversity helps Morellus be the focal point of knowledge in the mainland.

## Education:
Morellan education is among the best in the world. Scholars from around the world travel to Morellus hoping to expand their knowledge and better their studies. [[The Grand Morellan University]] is known throughout the globe in training some of the best scholars. However, the one exception to Morellan's ever-expanding knowledge is the study of magic, which was strictly forbidden for centuries, and is therefore very limited even today. Next to [[The Grand Morellan University]] is the esteemed [[Morellan Trove of Knowledge]], which is a large multi-tiered library with information from the beginning of recorded time. These books have information from all over the world on nature, foreign societies, mathematics, arts, sciences, and deep Morellan history. In the center of the Morellan Trove of Knowledge sits a large statue of the nations founder, [[Enifiz Braveheart]].

## Immigration:
Being known as an excellent nation outside of its walls, many people try to migrate to [[Morellus]]. In order to prevent overpopulation, [[Morellus]] carefully selects people to allow to make a permanent establishment in Morellus. The government picks out the best and brightest minds in order to better the ever expanding knowledge of Morellus, and try their best to include people of a low demographic (affirmative action). However, an entire establishment of temporary residencies around [[The Grand Morellan University]] are established, with a max of 6 year residency. The bar for these residents are not as high, and living here for 6 years and completing tuition at the university gives an advantage in filing for permanent residency.