**The Party**
- Contracted by Harlon with the Sentinels to go through various points of interest and will inevitably find Bob, who has consumed the larger of two Sacrinum of the time deity Kairox. 
- The party will witness a time schism and appear in the post apocalyptic wasteland, exactly 1422 years into the future (year 3150). Here, they will need to get stronger and slowly attune to the Kairox Sacrinum in order to hopefully revert time back to the way it was. 
- In the process, the party will uncover the mystery and cause of the apocalypse, discover new factions, and find the connection between Umbra and the New Dawn.

**Kairox, the God of Time, Foresight, and Patience**
- During the Divine War, Kairox was disgusted by the way his brethren served mankind in a gruesome war. He thought it was not noble to stoop, and would rather see them weaken by a loss of worship than engage in a petty war.
- Witnessing the gradual death of the pantheon, he used his foresight to determine only one way for the universe to remain in tact out of 92,512,012,461 possible event, and that way was suicide.
- By killing himself, Kairox left his Sacrina in the material plane in the exact position for party to find, being confused as a sheer coincidence. He left one shard in a location the party would discover, and another with Umbra. He calculated that leaving the second shard with Umbra would help the party learn of the New Dawn and also give them a motivation to get stronger in order to steal the other shard back in the wastelands, and become a fit vessel for his Vestige.

**Umbra / The New Dawn**
- After the resolution of the Divine Wars, many gods lost their lives, worship, and will to serve. In the absence of the divine presence, the Umbra sought to rebuild the world by tearing it down and assuming the title of pantheon themselves. The further weakened the current pantheon by sending members of Umbra all throughout Deitara, convincing the masses that their gods are a lie and have abandoned them. By harnessing the Vestiges left behind by the Divine War, the Umbra defeated nearly all of the gods in their weakened state.
- Using the power of the Vestiges they had collected, they survived the transition from pre-apocalyptic to post-apocalyptic with minimal casualties. With their reign in the wasteland of Nullvinar, they re-branded themselves as the New Dawn, savior and refuge to all. Here, they seemed to have a relatively welcoming presence, but were really after a mass populous to worship the gods they had Vestiges for in order to make them stronger.
- The New Dawn had 40% of the Kairox Sacrina, and were desperately trying to power up their ruler to be strong enough to merge with it without suffering major damages.